It seems
This Wei Xiaoyan is leaning against the collar of North Chu Minghua
self-insurance
I want to give Anren a copy of the things in the road plate to the north
Maybe I can investigate Chu Minghua
Play a crucial role
Take this to Lin Xi
Let him come to the hospital after a course of treatment
Do a full body check
According to the results
And we'll figure out what to do next.
Thanks and
Don't worry, I'm confident I can cure him
Well, thanks.
Hello Lin Xi
Enron, I have something for you. Okay
I was just about to get you the antidote
Where are you now?
I'll pick you up, is it convenient for you to get out?
Chu Minghua is out
As for Wei Xiaonian
I'll just let him fall asleep
We'll go together.
I'll go with you.
Gu Yuhao, are you going to keep it a secret from Lingxi?